[Music]
Hello how are you families how are you I hope you
're enjoying the day I was passing by
here to tell you about Olga
Moreno's success on Survivor and it's the
last program that had the
collaboration of this
dear one well she's the winner of Survivor contestant call her what you want but Telecinco knows very well that this person raises ratings remind you that she also raised ratings the other day on the
program Let Yourself Be Loved which was trending
for 48 hours worth the
change points the truth is that they went up quite a bit
compared to previous programs and the thing is
I noticed a detail of
Moreno's tone while I was interviewing her
that Olga said to her don't see the people who
support you don't see referring to the
Blue Tide and Descendants even if you're not in the
news I mean every day on Twitter
I'm trending and that's because they've
noticed and she knows that the char quita
as she called it to
people from the other production company moves
you know they know very well that the char quita
moves Telecinco records its worst May in
history despite exploiting
Survivors to the maximum the
main channel on average 6  Spain continues to be
mired in a huge audience crisis
that it hasn't even been able to solve with
its flagship format, they tell us
confidentially. Well, it's no secret,
it's a fact, it's confirmed. Telecinco has been
in crisis for several months. We know, we know
where this is coming from, if we don't
know it very well, no, I mean, straight up,
and besides, this is sometimes
procedural.
This has been action-reaction, I
mean, I think Telecinco has
identified what the problem is and it's not
difficult to solve. Maybe they'll have to
remove part of the schedule
in the middle, really, and they stopped this dizziness from
this one, over here, over there,
Carlota Corredera is already out in a way
that I think is going to be irreversible, and it's
time to regain
credibility and invite people
that we want to see on screen. Family, what do you think? You would like to continue seeing Olga on television. I have to confirm firsthand that she won't be at the Thursday galas. Okay, wherever she is now, well, she won't be on set, and I'll
keep you informed. A huge hug, and we
won't see the next video. I love you all
very much.
[Music]